Dangers of Transferring Attack Tools
In some cases, we may need to transfer
attack tools and utilities to our target.
However, transferring these tools can be
dangerous for several reasons.
First, our post-exploitation attack tools
could be abused by malicious parties,
which puts the client’s resources at risk.
Second, antivirus software, which scans
endpoint filesystems
in search of pre-defined file signatures,
becomes a huge frustration for us
during this phase.
As a general rule of thumb, we should
always try to use native tools
on the compromised system.
Alternatively, we can upload additional
tools when native ones are insufficient,
when we have determined that the
risk of detection is minimized,
or when our need outweighs the risk of
detection.